 Paul Rudd seems like a nice fellow.
 I EAT WASABI TO FEEL
The world grows weary of my groaning! Kim Kierkegaardashian is on hiatus. xoxo
Cleaned out my closet. But I am still a burden to myself.
My trainer is literally killing me! But when a martyr dies, his rule begins.
ughhh my workouts this week have rivaled the agonizing self-tortures of my heart
No carbs! Crazy workout! Not gonna complain anymore! Martyrdom is a glory beyond all comparison.
I would never throw shade at my sister on Twitter. She is already aware of her confusion &amp; depravity.
Love this black cami dress. It says: I wander the world without joy, without hope, without pain; I am but the remains of despair
This age requires one to conceal his enthusiasm under the guise of mockery, heartlessness &amp; wit. IG is ok for this but Twitter is better.
Can't believe we are at season 10 of Keeping Up with the Kardashians!!! No one can any longer help us.
Drop by our booth at the SmaTan Nashville tradeshow and check out how easy it is to live in despair.
 “Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted.” 
― From Emerson'…
 When you high af and realize you're Beyoncé 
I love a suit with an oversized jacket, whose sharp edges have not yet been worn smooth &amp; ground away by fear.
 * 　  ˚  .  *·  　　 　
　　　　　　　　 　　　　
 　✵     ⊹ 
　　 　 ·  　 ✫ 　 　　　　　  *
　　 　　 *  　 　　　　　  ·  ˚ 
　　　  　 ✵  　.  　　  ⋆
After the show it's the after party, after which life will no longer allow itself to be mocked.
I have found a truth that is true for me, an idea for which I can live and die. Quesadillas.
 Toronto cyclists are "ticket-shaming" cars parked in the bike lane:  
Filling in the eyebrows with a pencil or powder helps eliminate the imperfection that pertains to everything human.
From my beautiful wedding dress to nights out on the town, my life is a fortification of escapes &amp; excuses.
Where are the crevices where consciousness can hide &amp; seriousness can be avoided? I've already seen almost every movie on this plane.
i love when theres wifi on planes! I can remain a cipher &amp; carry on living merely on the level of what is immediate.
The despair of weakness is the despair of not wanting to be oneself. (New hair cut alert.)
Get 15% off at our boutique, while sipping wine &amp; listening to DJ tunes!! The despair is going on behind you unawares.
I should like to draw your attention to the fact that, according to the definitions of both Plato and Aristotle, I have a fine ass husband.
 kierkegaard invented beer in shower
You're the funniest person I know!!! But in your joy, I hear the laughter of despair.
It is the solemn light of death that gives me that Kardashian Glow.
Diamonds are forever. That is their torment. One can never be rid of them.
Jesus just wants everyone to have a fun night.
A minimalist black outfit is classic. It says: I suffer the most extreme form of human misery.
Kanye is just an insignificant human being. One who makes the deaf hear, the blind see, the lame walk, &amp; the dead rise up.
That's why I always schedule my face itch right after my massage. Nothing like a good face itch from a licensed face itcher.
Kanye never told anyone in a wheelchair to stand up. He merely presented a miracle. Now you must choose either to have faith or take offense
Getting glam! This is no easy task in the nineteenth century.
Get down to your skivvies. Now see if it is possible to revoke suffering by means of an infinite teleology.
Who saw me on the Ellen show??? Poor simpletons &amp; imperfect Christians.
 Pumpkin spice always reminds me of autumn and the orchard where we buried the infected
.I love my butt. It cushions the blows of existence.
The longer I study I Luther, with his passion for expressing &amp; describing his suffering, the more clear does it become. B*tch stole my look.
Charon ferries souls to the somber underworld, divesting them of their titles &amp; honors. Wear something perfect for the nautical occasion.
I stood there alone and forsaken. I took some selfies, too.
Every human being must go through the adventure of being anxious. It can make the biggest difference in the way your look comes together.
On tonight's Keeping Up With the Kardashians: Has God's patience come to an end?
Because of its tremendous solemnity, death is the light in which great passions become transparent. No photoshop necessary.
So excited to bring you our Kardashian Kids toddlers line! A barb of sorrow is inserted in each child's heart; if it is pulled out, he dies.
Can't believe my GQ cover is out!! While you indolently &amp; effeminately admire me, struggle also to contemplate my ethical significance.
Marry and you will regret it; do not marry, and you will also regret it. But churros are a must at a bridal shower.
You struggled in the world, man against man, one against thousands, &amp; most of all you struggled with God. It's fro yo time.
Today's look- Alaia bodysuit; Hermes heels; an honest &amp; purely human sadness.
It's not easy taking a selfie while jet skiing, motion (or kinesis) being one of the most difficult problems in philosophy.
I'm on my way bae! Though when we find each other, we may find we have only circled back to the place from which we departed.
 A poet walks into a bar. A philosopher walks out.
I love duck lips for selfies! For like us, ducks have wings with which to soar, and yet insist on waddling.
Just as the spirit is invisible, so also is its language a secret, &amp; sometimes you can't tell when it's being sarcastic.
 "Just as the spirit is invisible, so also is its language a secret..."
QUOTABLE KIEREKAARD p 82
Give me a cameo? I look tragic in a suit. MT Ricky Gervais to Play 'Office' Character David Brent Again 
Yesterday's look: Prada heels, neutral vibe, the naked self, with all its difficulties &amp; advantages.
I feel younger every time I see my dermatologist, while philosophy's foolish adherents crawl into the dead skins I leave behind. lol.
Again I am burdened by a heaviness of the soul. Not gonna call it baby weight bc thats an excuse.
The paradox of eternal joy is that the human being is situated in time, &amp; this contradiction means you go to the gym while baby is napping.
We traveled the world together, laughed &amp; lived it up, and never noticed that our immortal souls had blown away like so much dust.
 
 My first arrest. February 27, 1960 in Nashville, TN. I felt free. I felt liberated. I felt like I crossed over. #some sweet reference desk bling.
The sea struck up its song with a deep, calm solemnity. The souls of the dead came forth to hold me in their comforting embrace. Yacht life.
Thank you Balmain for the custom rope dress! Only constraint can help a man to freedom.
!! Brings back painful (yet tender) memories. How she used to hiss and hiss at me!
Madagascar hissing cockroaches are actually quite sweet, though a little "clingy."
I change up my makeup a lot. I am completely dialectical.
When I step out from my lonely suffering and walk among happy people, it's the epitome of timeless chic.
I love your Tumblr's infinite scroll-down feature &amp; the unfathomable, insatiable emptiness behind it.
Those who speak to the crowd, coveting its approval, must be regarded as being worse than prostitutes. Oh, hey 100,000 people!
 How to Quit Amazon and Shop in an Actual Bookstore (in 4 Easy Steps)  by Look what I found in my luggage!!! All my worldly troubles and sorrows.
My look is never complete without indescribable suffering.
Kim Kierkegaardashian endorses! MT Why should YOU donate to our immigrant rights work? 
One must work some time in darkness before the light bursts through &amp; the sun shines forth in all its glory. Tan time! So excited.
A man does not arrive at wisdom as a matter of course, but through sexy bikinis, beaches, and boat rides.
Why I recommend waxing your knuckles rather than shaving them.
We love selfies! The despairing self, by taking notice of itself, tries to make itself more than it already is.
Should I use my sins to terrify the public?Or should I keep this terror hidden in my innermost being? Trying on a few looks 2 see what works
Balmain made this crazy tapestry dress of all stones, to give my contemporaries a hint of the heavy burdens I bear within myself.
 The third place winner (loser?) of the spelling bee went out on the word "Kierkegaardian".
The task is not to find the lovable object. It is rather to find the object lovable, just by adding a fun lip color.
Love is not intense feelings or a full heart. Love is rather the work of love, and I have had a busy week.
For events, I like to pair bold lashes with a gnawing sense of futility.
I would do it.
Khloe sets the #YOLO bar pretty high. But she loses the present in the constant anxiety about losing it.
.OMG love your work!! #TheSatanicPurses #TheMoorsFatThighs xxoo #Shame on me
 When u stapaying your way, I will buy from you again #boycottamazon #youhavenoshame 
Hope you are well. We miss you!
 "Indians have dreamed collectively, &amp; they have dreamed a man accused of mass murder"
Must. Pankaj Mishra on #Modi~away your work
I tried on this amazing Wes Gordon chain mail dress and oh, how alike are melancholy &amp; frivolity!
Hegelian philosophy posits the thesis that the outer is the inner &amp; the inner is the outer, but I think it's elegant to twist it into a bun.
 Kierkegaard's birthday today.  Some day, he said, communication would become instantaneous but people would have nothing …
We wanted to create a fashion line for little girls lest they should rest too easily in the false security of youth.
My melancholy is the most faithful sweetheaI have had. She is one bad bitch.
I will not fool myself with regard to the eternal, or shy away from truth, and I will never conform to your skinny standards sorry!
My soul is a hollowness &amp; everything around me is as empty as eternity. Where do I look for fashion inspiration or fun trends?
In order to aspire to the truth, you must shed your thoughts &amp; preconceptions &amp; just put on a good simple cool bikini.
Hermes Birkin bag, hand painted by George Condo. One of one. Christmas present from Yeezy. I carry it around like a sickness of the spirit.
 Problem: Holiday shopping exhaustion? Solution: Make it simple by donating to MRNY in honor of someone special: . You are a human being. The sun shines for you, and your eyebrows are thick, natural and amazing.
Abraham's gaze was terrible. He threw his child to the ground &amp; cried: "Do people really think I'd wax my daughters eyebrows so young?"
 In the best end of year book recommendation, Mike Tyson explores Kierkegaard. 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas. A bankrupt age disguises itself in extravagance.
Try our gorgeous bedding in "Boudoir" or "Animal Luxe" now that your great dreams have been reduced to witty excuses for remaining in bed.
 Wire's David Simon on inequality: "10 or 15% of my country is no longer necessary to the operation of the economy"  the perfect holiday gift &amp; the inauthentic kind of happiness it is capable of producing,
 in case Kim needs some fresh quotes. The recently published QUOTABLE KIERKEGAARD 
Last night's show was insane!! Kanye sold out the Garden!!! Lost inside the crowd was the eternal truth, the single individual.
To cheat oneself of love is a deception for which there is no reparation either in time or in eternity. Ride or die girlfriend.
To regard your neighbor as yourself, see that he is as real as yourself. He also wants to look tan &amp; glowy, especially through the holidays.
I've been doing the Atkins diet &amp; luv it. The self is lost by being altogether reduced to the finite.
I always regret when I try long nails. They remind me too poignantly of the sharp scythe of the reaper.
 "If this were happening in any other country, Americans would be aghast." 
 I wanna know what u doin', where u at, where u at? But the Thou is an unknowable unity &amp; not an object to be scrutinized.
Birthday in Vegas. Danced all night. One tries in vain to forget one's melancholy in distraction, at a distance from it.
Swimming pool. Dance floor. Mechanical bull. There is melancholy in everything in my life, but also an indescribable happiness.
 Help deliver emergency food relief to the Phillipines:  Or text AID to 27722 to donate$10  ever want to wake up your baby to give him or her kisses? i want to sooo bad right now, but this too i must suffer  in silence.
What afflicts the adult is the grotesque illusion of having outgrown illusion. I hope you have the best birthday ever.
This pump has all the height a girl could ever want, if as a philosopher, your position is not so lofty.
 .                                  .         .  .
For what good would it do if the truth stood before me cold and naked, and I gave it a dress pulled off the runway from the Givenchy show?
Thank you for the gorgeous baby gifts! But man's life is not intended for enjoyment.
My dates tonight: mortification and solitude.
But when's the New York gig???
Want that perfect pout? Form your lips such that when the sigh of deep and hidden anguish passes through them, it sounds like music.
Everyone knows I don't do long nails. Sho&amp; nude, maybe a little color. Anything beyond this is in the province of paganism.
If I am continually running errands in life, my soul is dissipated in multiplicity. So... just chillin'
I hope your day is filled with lots of love! This is an obligation, the word of the royal Law, the ethical task at the origin of all tasks.
What does it mean to commit yourself to love? What are the limits? Can you pair it with jeans &amp; a tank for a day of errands?
Bonjour Baby. I shall remember this as something that was admittedly not perfect and yet was noble, and I will find beauty in my sadness.
Summer's over but my bronze glow is here to stay, clinging to me with all the earnestness of death.
There are notes of rose, vanilla, &amp; musk, and hints of the confusion &amp; pain of realizing temporal love is built on an illusion.
Can't wait for you to try my new fragrance. It reeks of modern life's nauseating air.
Long nails, or shoand nude? Only at the hour of death do most people choose the right thing.
Ummmm you can steam your vagina?!? If only it could leave you so cleansed &amp; undefiled that there was no trace of your original subjectivity.
Shop my eBay store. Our passionless age substitutes the symbols of action for real action. A portion of the proceeds go to charity.
 Youth leader Keeshan: 'I was stop-and-frisked by the NYPD more than 100 times' Watch:  via Good morning, gorgeous! Are you capable of more than the chimerical plans &amp; momentary enthusiasms to which we are accustomed?
What is the operation by which a self relates itself to its own self, transparently? Selfie.
Cooked a new meal for Kanye! He talks in lofty tones about the infinite, but in reality he is often thinking of food.
Enter to win a bottle of Kardashian Glow Bronzer! When all hope seems lost, a person does not need strength so much as a little illusion.
 "Happiness is the greatest hiding place for despair." Depression vs. despair:  m…
My heart's sovereign queen, I will throw away everything in order to become light enough to follow you. Because WOW u look so HOT &amp; gorge!!!
Losing your self is a transaction, a series of concessions. Like using your Black Amex at a Panda Express LOL.
So many great videos from my sister's party. It looked like so much fun! But happiness is the greatest hiding place for despair.
Something prevents me from becoming perfectly transparent to myself or to others. It's Kardashian Glow Dark Bronzer.
A military jacket gives an outfit that extra edge without making it too hard or rough. It says: My fight is not with man, but with God.
Your lusts are dull &amp; sluggish, your passions sleepy. Life feels absolutely meaningless. Uggghhh you need a tan asap!
It is said that God allows the sun to shine upon the good &amp; the wicked, to help bring out that summer bronze you've been working so hard on.
I’m really into matte makeup right now. It reminds a person of  what he truly  is--nothing.
Tune into Keeping Up with the Kardashians on E! right now. Try to glimpse the joy and comfothat still must hide in the sadness.
I'm catching up on my shout outs!  Oh anxiety that lays hold of me from without, that I both fear and desire. I missed you so much!!!
Nothing in the world can compensate a person for the harm it will inflict on his soul. So excited for tonight's brand new KUWTK episode!!
 01/08/11: Police use force to stop a 13-year-old in Manhattan, citing "actions of engaging in a violent crime." No weapon…
 01/08/11: Police stop a 48-year-old in Brooklyn, citing "casing a victim or location." No weapon is found.
 01/08/11: Police use force to stop a 15-year-old in Brooklyn, citing "casing a victim or location." No weapon is found.
 01/08/11: Police use force to stop a 13-year-old in Brooklyn, citing "furtive movements." No weapon is found.
 01/08/11: Police stop a 14-year-old in Brooklyn, citing "casing a victim or location." No weapon is found.
Just chillin with my boo tonight! I permit him to enjoy my sensuality, even though he does not lift me to a higher spiritual plane.
Are passions, then, the pagans of the soul? Is reason alone baptized? The sexy secretary look lets you have both.
I suffer sympathetically. I use all my resources to reproduce another’s pain. This is what besties do!
To boldly venture the truth is what gives human life and the human situation pith &amp; meaning. Take a chance on harem pants.
 In 2012 (again), more Americans died crushed by their TVs or furniture (16) than from terrorism (ten). 
I stand like a lonely pine, egoistically shut off, pointing to the skies &amp; casting no shadow. It was easy to achieve this sleek &amp; sexy look.
Running around &amp; getting ready for a photo shoot in Paris. This is the simple truth: to live is to feel oneself lost.
My bright blue motorcycle jacket is a good transition piece for spring. It says: I see a way out of my despair.
He who cannot reveal himself cannot love. So take advantage of the warm weather to wear less makeup.
 Mayor Bloomberg: Terrorists "want to take away our freedoms," so let's prevent this by taking away our freedoms. !!! My first pregnancy craving! In-N-Out. It assuages because it is an expression of freedom.
Send me pics of your best Kardashian Glow tan! So that we may glimpse the damage done to your soul.
I never thought I would ever say this... But I'm wearing flats today. I have lost my footing temporarily, but I hope I have not lost myself.
Every human interpretation is only a misconception, and all my troubles are like a sophism to which I say, OMGGGG O.M.G. I can't even!!!
I love taking fashion trends &amp; applying them to interior design because in the end, we each fight our battle in the solitude of our own room
With Spring around the corner I’ve been playing with more cream &amp; white instead of just all black. But beneath it lies despair just the same
Weary of people, weary of myself, so weary that I need an eternity to rest. That's why I always carry a pillow when I'm traveling.
Transformed into a Tahitian princess by Bruce Weber! Made fantastic in this way, one fails to notice that in a deeper sense one lacks a self
Awww Kanye won 3 Grammys!! That makes a total of 21!!! Sooo proud!! But it avails nothing, being only a higher and more glittering illusion.
I am in the profoundest sense an unhappy individual; my suffering borders on madness. But when Destiny's Child came out, that made my life!
 Every actual fulfillment of relation between people, means acceptance of otherness. Get your hands up if you're an out ...
How does the single individual reassure himself that he is legitimate? A little BiGGie in the morning gets the vibe going.
Humor and pain walk hand in hand, reconciled with each other. There's something very sophisticated about this classic pairing.
Heading to Jimmy Kimmel tonight, because a pathos which excludes the comic is a misunderstanding, is not pathos at all.
I love that Anne Hathaway makes black look stunning and I by no means regret sharing in her suffering.
Red lips, side parts and stunning dresses! Your struggle to appear happy &amp; confident betrays that your dark passions are achieving dominance
Go karting with Kanye in $6000 shoes. When the strong food of actuality ceases to feed us, we turn to farce.
FYI I love the Air France lounge in Paris. But it is here, deep in the heaof happiness, that despair has its choicest dwelling place.
Worldly anxiety always leads us toward petty restlessness &amp; away from the sublime calm of simple things. That's why I love a nude lip.
You can never go wrong with a white blouse. It says: My pain &amp; my suffering are nameless; there is no one who understands me.
Got 2.5 hours of sleep. Off to do the Today Show soon. What comes of it all?
The first doubt with which pain really begins is this: Why is this double chin happening to me? Can it not be otherwise?
Can't sleep &amp; I'm googling double chin exercises! I'm petrified to get one! Here at last I have a definition of the tragic in modern times.
Want a red carpet look for New Year’s? Clothe yourself in pain.