
Was an Osama Bin Laden doll made for Middle Eastern children a good idea by the CIA? Watch today's Trews and decide 
Reading from Pied Piper 
 Really enjoying  revolution. Got it from library as that annoys Daily Mail too  http:/…
 The story of the millionaire Tory MP and the tenants facing homelessness | Aditya Chakrabortty 
 well done mate. Gotta love the fleet
 please fundraising for an op to help my little boy walk   http://t…
 it bloody well might be. We could build an adventurous utopia.
Reading "How Non Violent Struggle Works" Which type of "power" do we have now? RT for monolithic FAV for social. 
 come pick up a new one. Or we'll send you one.
Disabled &amp; elderly told to repay hurricane aid whilst corporations save billion$ of tax in secret Luxembourg deals 
Don't read this if you want to believe there's no alternative to big corporations  squashing you  
Reading Revolution 
 . covers "Parklife" and kills dead Twitter joke about his extensive vocabulary in the process 
Cheers to  for their work on PARKLIFE  Our next caper will be water metres in Ireland.
. attack #NewEra families for standing up to  and  - exactly the people the DM should support.
 Why do a liberal elite loathe ? Because he speaks of real democracy in a "politics of the vernacular". 
PARKLIFE! 
 yes. Read the book. Co ops, direct democracy, activist notes all in there
 please check this mate   and  making families homeless 
    check this you lot 
Please let  and  know what you think about 92 families being made homeless for profit 
  whatever's left when everyone has food, shelter and dignity.
 why? I like that it dismantles scientific dogma. Like the dickie dawkins stuff
 actually I loved the first and will read the second. I proxy-love Spud and the MJ interview is amazing- like a Brit Lester Bangs
:  how do you dooooo! thank you for making our day today.  I love, king Jo Jo, trew-king
:  #revolution #notfuckingperfect #RussellBrand  ah yes, thank you.
:  buying the new book tomorrow! Can't wait! You've changed my outlook on life! #inspiration” cheers mate
 sure. So could you mate. In fact we can all do whatever we want. Good luck on your journey.
 good work, give it to whoever you like. The more people read it the better.
:  hi I think I love you” oh I love you
 again, goes to setting up social enterprises. Read the book. You need it bruv.
 all profits go to social enterprises for recovering addicts like me. You sound like a great guy, you must be making waves
: Hi  this  is my MP!” Write and tell him his days are numbered.
 well no. I was commentating with a childhood hero Frank McAvennie in the commentary box. Also it didn't make anyone homeless.
 you do what you gotta do mate. X
  Each struggle,whatever,wherever,need to stand up and unify as one! A collective gathering! Today: #FBU + #…
 Benyon Office Estate. New era family's hand them an eviction order. 
Does  (the richest MP in UK) need more profit so badly that 92 families should be made homeless? 
Dear  please address the displacement of families for profit in your city  #NewEra
 a 17 yr old student in parliament Sq. Mad.
:  ok what's first?” Biocentrism. Then anything is possible
  thank you so much for making my little boy's day today. He hasn't stopped smiling since. Much love x http://t…
 I'm reading Biocentrism and Sapiens at the moment
: My boy got your kids book, today. He's just starting it now. #TricksterTales #piedpiper #Finn 
:Cheers for coming! We'll have to get you in the kitchen next time!    delicious, thanks
This is what I'm reading. Join in, we can chat about these books as we go through em, together. 
 Russell Brand supported #NewEraEstate in Hoxton today in their fight for social housing   
As this picture demonstrates  from #NewEra is someone you should follow 
  Here is a preview of our documentary #SellOff on the dismantling of your #NHS 
 
 Very nicely articulated defence of  &amp; rejection of the scorn poured forth by intelligentsia    
:  New Era petition signed....viva la revolution. Keep up the good work Russ x” good work #NewEra
:  signed the petition you sent me, via  good work, support #NewEra
: Would love to hear  give his opinions on the irish water charges on #trews” teach me more - sounds interesting
: Vicar says: No social cleansing!   good to have the support of the church #NewEra
Me and  support #NewEra families as they fight to save their homes from billionaire Benyon brothers 
: . in de Beauvoir supporting new era residents against rent rises 
: #NewEra eviction notice close up.  #FairPlay  #NewEra
 In Defence of Russell  Brand |  by  via  |  
Come New Era TODAY 1030 Whitmore St, N1 protest families being made homeless - some are dressing VICTORIAN 
Don't get arrested for citric offenses.  #MessiahComplex premieres 11/28 at 10pm ET on .
Happy Veterans Day America - 90yr old WW2 vet arrested in Florida for feeding the homeless. This is the trews 
Tomorrow! join the New Era march, social housing, not social cleansing down the dhops Whitmore Rd, N1 - 1030am. See you there
Parklife: 90-year-old WWII veteran arrested for feeding the homeless. That's Trews 
 Anyone see Russell Brand in Hackney Downs yesterday? This is why:  
Blimey, Nigel Farage using Blur to have a pop - fortunately this stuff (like UKIP) has a short SHELFLIFE.
Thank you beautiful  for having me on. Learn more about how the kids with me are being made homeless 
 get stuck into that water stuff mate
Yes this was a good un. Trews on Wal Mart slavery 
: noel mentioned you in his show tonight are you two having a baby or something?”Fielding or Gallagher? Anyway, yes.
:  Did you manage to sort your marriage to Loraine out? x” we are on the rocks. She needs to change.
Enjoyed , women organising and confronting power. Top tunes by  plus my Grandad worked at Fords. "Parklife"
 YES!!! Definitely. How many?
 What has  done to deserve the attention of a nasty divisive party with nasty divisive politics? #ukip http://t.co…
How Do We Deal With Police Violence? Watch The Trews with  

Britain's richest Tory turfs out 92 ordinary London families - day of action to wake up The Benyons 
 There's a housing crisis in the UK. Take action to end revenge evictions &gt;  &lt; November 28 with 
:  VOTE LABOUR PRICK!” Which Labour Prick?
Check out  friend (homie?) of  and next trews guest https://t.co/l3JDAjtecT
 If you squint you can see my desk  but not me. In Brum today Why hello ! http://t.c…
: my daughters drawing she did but couldn't give you Tuesday. x #naughtyselfiegirl  this is art
 WIN a fab #Vegetarian Cookery Course for two courtesy of our friends  Please RT + see here for details http:…
   they got me to sign your book mate. Much love. Xx
Gil Scott Heron on the ol democracy 
Trews reports is our new channel with - learn about Britain's richest MP kicking Londoners our of their homes 
: What should worry you + yr pals is  Russell is giving voice to what many are feeling &amp; thinking.” PARKLIFE
Polls show Americans have elected the party they like least to run the government body they least trust. That's Trews 
In today's Trews "Why Are Families Collapsing?" even  admit it's due to rampant corporate greed 
Election Day! Remember to vote for candidates that defend you from the $4 trillion QE theft. (None) 
Come watch me read Pied Piper with the illustrator Chris Riddell THIS SATURDAY IN LONDON 
Turn up for this tomorrow 5th November 
  Shoreditch still on strike till 1800 thanks for your support #oldstreetfirestation 
I've done a reading of an extract from my book 'Revolution' 
Come and see me Fri Nov 14th, 630pm at the Albert Hall for a night of peculiar family entertainment. 
: The host of The Trews himself, graced us with his presence tonight   Bravo. I'm a Mormon now.
Today's Trews is so ruddy good it's in two parts. Watch part 1 of "Does Any Party Represent African-Americans?" here 
It's weird how highly paid, privately educated journalists who work for the corporate media attack my book Revolution.
 Support Ricky Mathews FBU Executive member sacked for taking Strike action.. pls share &amp; show your Solidarity 
Watch Toast!  is so funny it doesn't make sense. Comedic excellence and macabre joy. 
Here we come! #Revolution 
 #Citizenfour reviewed (sort of); the reason for hope (really):  
  following u inspired me not to give up &amp; to fight for the adapted housing I needed to live a better life wi…
  Russell Brand on The Young Turks - great show and says it like it's is 
: Time to see what all the fuss is about  #Revolution  yes! Read for yo'self!
85 people have as much wealth as poorest 50% planet. Agree extreme #inequality is a problem? Join me to #EvenItUp 
 Bloody scroungers... MPs to escape expenses investigations after paperwork destroyed by Parliament: 
 "Wearing a headscarf indicating she is some kind of immigrant" - Louise Mensch () 
 Politicians put up with Britain's alcoholism partly because they want you passive &amp; confused, partly because nobody would…
A beautiful chronicle of the construction of our children's book The Pied Piper by illustrator Chris Riddell 
: Working on a children’s book with Russell Brand – Chris Riddell's sketchbook   cool
  Just had a nice chat on the tube with an older gent also reading  "Revolution". The movem…
  Fascinating stuff happening in Spain with new 'Occupy' left-wing party Podemos (with crowdsourced manifesto) lea…
:  Mr Pricklefingers was the star of the show!!” Look at him now. #thuglife 
Mr Pricklefingers and I make our way back to London. 
: The more I read criticism of  the more his arguments become justified” Yeah, like what's their problem? The snobs.
 the nerve!
  did you feel me enter you last night? 
Aldea Rose--&gt;Aldous Snow 
: Just feeling incompetent now. Not even past Chapter 1.  ... And it's a lot better than my history.
: Just feeling incompetent now. Not even past Chapter 1.   but you're learning!
  great example of communities collectively organising all throughout Ireland to protest against water charg…
 . Aaronovitch's verdict is as surprising as his response every time US-UK decide someone somewhere needs to be …
 .: "We live in a corrupt, undemocratic system where people are not represented." http://t.…
 You can read my column if you like, about Russell Brand and those who moan about him 
:  bit of a harsh review in the times today. Mr Murdoch not a fan? #trews” deep down he knows the end is coming.
My new book Revolution, in which I explain how I'm perfect and how to solve all the world's problems, is out now.
Inscription in copy of Seinfeld scripts given to me by Matt Morgan in the year 2000. 
 Worth another tweet: Guardian piece by  =&gt; Russell Brand: we deserve more from our democratic system http:/…
Support and respect for   and all Firefighters out striking against government cuts. #FBUstrike
This helps us understand inequality in a really fun way. 
 Wow - incredible tape of political consultant boasting about how he hides contributors  http://t.co…
An interesting chat between Revolution contributors  David Graeber and Thomas Piketty 
 'Soak the Rich' by David Graeber, Thomas Piketty  via  &gt;  you'll like this
"How You're Paying Twice For Your Big Mac" is today's Trews again featuring Helena Norberg-Hodge 
: Time to learn some shit.    GO ON SON!
  The number of billionaires has doubled since the financial crash in 2008. Curious, no?
Do yerself a favour and read this Adam Curtis blog 
Finally beloved  calls banks murderers - 
  Will you sign  and  #fbu petition we need another 5k signatures 
"TTIP - How We're Lied To About Food" is today's Trews featuring the erudite Helena Norberg-Hodge. Watch it! 
Vote for the US Senator whose in-laws funded his campaign &amp; just got caught w 90lbs of coke on their boat  #democracy
Cheers  for this about my book Revolution. Thanks mate. 
Support for Revolution from unexpected quarters. David Kamp in Vanity Fair  smudge by David Bailey.
The Pied Piper that I wrote and Chris Riddell illustrated https://t.co/FySPvcRt7G
"Will Superheroes Save The Planet?" is today's Trews featuring the brilliant Naomi Klein 
 My daughter lost her favourite ted in blackpool she's devastated. Can I have a rt to help find him  http://t.c…
"Bare Minimum Wage: Do You Deserve It?" is today's Trews 
I'm going to see Amma. You should too. 
Me &amp; (MORE IMPORTANTLY) economist and professor  discuss Revolution 
 . &amp; Professor  take on 'mafia capitalism' &amp; debt cancellation in this podcast: 

 So happy  used these facts  in this episode of Trews on British immigration http://t.co…
How do politicians, big business and mainstream media all support each other? Trews 
Here the trews addresses me, ol' Russ and some of the rhubarb from the media 
Does your MP care enough about drug laws killing kids to talk about it? Find out! Ask them to #debatedrugs on Thurs 
"London Mayor - Good For Business" is today's Trews 
 come the twitter event tomorrow, bring this tweet, receive free book.
My favourite bit of Daily Mail propaganda 
: I don't understand some people!  is on our side!” Haters baby! Haters and hecklers, love em and move on
: Deep into the new  book and it's fantastic. Some of the reviews I've read are just stupid.” Cheers bruv
   My boy was made up that he met you at the ground afternwe so beautifully mugged off Man City...Top Man http://t.c…
Decent LBC interview from today 
:  Good to meet you!! Top guy 👍👍” you an all. Give us a bell, I'll come on yer show
 these small rebellions will lead to out ultimate victory.
 How to go Vegan... 

 
You can do it!
: Take a look!    WELL WORTH VOTING FOR.
: #BPL TOP FOUR
1 - Chelsea 23 pts
2 - Southampton 19 pts
3 - Man City 17 pts
4 - West Ham 16 pts” #COYI
 Not be as well educated as the current comic in the job- bet I've less to hide in me private life.
 Mirror Poll: Would Russell Brand get your vote to become the Mayor of London? So far 67% yes vote. 
  Revealed: how you smuggled sleeping equipment disguised as pizza boxes to Occupy Democracy - 
: New merchandise in today 
Daily Mail Free Zone collage poster
  YES PLEASE!
Some trews on all the silliness (from the media who benefit from things staying the same) 
Trailer for #CitizenFour, film about Edward Snowden. If heroism is self sacrifice for the common good, he's a hero. 
: Sunday with  ? Oh go on then.  cool! There are 33 chapters though.
:   I understand this graph. Thanks mate.
Just spent the extra hour trying to put my clock back on the wall straight.
 RT
New FBU video -aimed at FBU members. 5,000+ views in 24hrs
Please keep sharing.
Firefighters announce 4 day strike http:/…
:  you think you're original? You were programmed to be you by the corporations!” The swines! They think of everything!
"Every victory has it's downside"!! Steady  I'll poison your cheese &amp; onion. X
  did you see this from DC insider? "Vote all you want. The secret government won’t change." 
 Thanks to  pls follow us tks for yr support ❤️ #Thurrock 
:  knee trembler for the tea lady today? #coyi” he was the tea lady! 
Watch me on The Jonathan Ross show tonight itv at 10.10pm then you can compare what I say to what's reported tomorrow.
Me on telly with  and  mucking about - note the correct score prediction 
Following #occupydemocracy  #putneydebates starts Monday with Crash &amp; Cuts #banksters #thereisanalternative  #olsx

Top 4 clash, only 1 winner, #ChampionsLeague #COYI 
One Nil to the cockney boys! #westhamvcity #COYI 
"One up front, one in the hole" #westhamvcity #COYI 
 Those sniping at  from the 'left' would be well advised to actually read his book, which is extremely funny and…
Ready for Man City. Ready for anything. #COYI 
On me way to Upton Park for City game - meeting  and  to talk highlights- football and hair. #COYI
"Trewsnight - What's The Agenda?" is today's Trews 
Me and artist Ian Stevenson by his big drawing about Revolution. 
My stand up special #MessiahComplex, premiering in the US on November 28th at 10pm ET on . CHECK IT! 
 There's still time to win tix to see  talking about his new children's book The Pied Piper of Hamelin! htt…
 COOL!  Russell Brand  joins us on 4 Nov for a one-off live reading of his new kids’ book: http:/…
:  maybe they worked hard for it and not dole bludged like the other 12mill” No, inherited it.
Cheers for the graphs.The 5 richest families in UK have as much money as the poorest 12 million people. Do us one for that.
How clever, kind and right of #occupydemocracy to support OUR police. 
On trewsnight, bbc2 in a bit. 
Beautiful atmosphere on #TarpaulinSquare- peace, democracy and cooperation opposite Parliament, where sadly these values are lost. Pop down.
"Ottawa Killings: Who Wins?" is today's Trews 
Join the Revolution. Tell me how you would change the world using #ReLOVEution and see your tweet projected in London tonight